WRGRBRLER

Breadcrumbs
	Main level >
		Crumbsets: templates, characters, locations, etc >
			Crumblists: a list of positional elements >
				Positional Element: a word or sentence to be used as building block. e.g. 1/2/3rd component of a name or sentence.
				Subset: expands a single positional element into a list of positional elements that can be used for contextual reasons (e.g. male/female).
				Can be any lenght.
		
	Specific Crumbsets > 
		event_patterns: a set of joined crumblists that determines the flair of an event, e.g. a sudden apparition, stopping at a place, etc.
			It does not determine the outcome or the mood of the event, it is only needed to restrict the amount of building blocks to a coherent set.		

    Events in crumnbs:
        Events are structured as Blocks>Variants>Segments>Outcomes
            Block: list of variants and a fork pointing to other blocks
            Variants: lists of segments; one set of segments is randomly chosen (e.g. no multipliers or lucky dust)
            Segment: each segment has multiple possible outcomes, only one is chosen (using multipliers)
            Outcomes: has a text skeleton that goes to compose the overall event; also defines if there are drops or not
                Drops: defines if an outcome drops lucky dust or not, and any item drops (as well as any other special drop)

Items drops:
    In crumbs: "items" example: [["type_a",2,50],["type_b",1,100]]
     items is a list of possible drops, each element of the list containing:
     - Item type
     - Item maximum tier (upper limit for the random range)
     - Rate of drop (percentage points)

Lucky Dust (LD)
    Can be carried, not an item. Affects events. The amount carried is defined at the start of the events.

Peeps	
	Properties
		Gender: 0 for female, 1 for male
		
Location
	Properties
	
Event
	Properties
		Mood: determines the direction this event will take. 0: downward, 1: neutral, 2: upward			
		
		
To do's:
- Schema check on the breadcrums, e.g.: a single item in a crumlist in an event crumbset can be a single item (1 item = universal mood, gets picked regardless),
	or a list. If it is a list, it must have 3 items (mood subsets).
	Otherwise the garbler might crash at runtime if it tries to fetch a mood that does not exist.
